content/post/2019/5/Mt-shasta-day1.md, before:

---
title: A Day Hike in Genoa
date: 2019-05-10T19:30:00-07:00
categories:
  - Travel
  - USA
---
{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa1.jpg" title="" >}}

After 5 hours of driving and making stops, we arrived at Burney Falls around 12:30. There was a Falls Loop Trail which theoretically provides wonderful views of the falls from various angles, but because we were travelling with our fur baby Bowie, who was not allowed to hit the trail, we directly walked to the lookouts from the nearby parking lot. From far, the falls looks like in a funny shape of a pair of pants: it is split by the cliff into two main branches accompanied with numerous small water strings. This place must have earned some fame, because at some point one of the lookouts was suddenly filled with groups of tourists, even though it was hot at noon...

One hour later, we arrived at the town of Mt. Shasta named after the prominent volcano at its northeast. After checking in the hotel and taking a rest, we headed to the City Park so that Bowie could get some exercise.

 Park，见到不少穿着古怪的hipster，但景致比狗公园好多了，顿时重返自然，小桥流水，曲径通幽，宝逸不时下水玩耍，不亦乐乎。步道尽头有一片宽阔的草地，供宝逸自由飞驰，彻底释放精力，待差不多玩够了我们这才打道回旅馆。

<!--more-->

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa2.jpg" title="" >}}



{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa3.jpg" title="" >}}


{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa4.jpg" title="" >}}


{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa5.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa6.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa7.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa8.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa9.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa10.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa11.jpg" title="" >}}

Commit message:

new post for Mt. Shasta

content/post/2019/5/Mt-shasta-day1.md, after:

---
title: First Day in the town of Mt. Shasta
date: 2019-05-10T19:30:00-07:00
categories:
  - Travel
  - USA
---
{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa1.jpg" title="" >}}

After 5 hours of driving and making stops, we arrived at Burney Falls around 12:30. There was a Falls Loop Trail which theoretically provides wonderful views of the falls from various angles, but because we were travelling with our fur baby Bowie, who was not allowed to hit the trail, we directly walked to the lookouts from the nearby parking lot. From far, the falls looks like in a funny shape of a pair of pants: it is split by the cliff into two main branches accompanied with numerous small water strings. This place must have earned some fame, because at some point one of the lookouts was suddenly filled with groups of tourists, even though it was hot at noon...

One hour later, we arrived at the town of Mt. Shasta named after the prominent volcano at its northeast. After checking in the hotel and taking a rest, we headed to the City Park so that Bowie could get some exercise.

 Park，见到不少穿着古怪的hipster，但景致比狗公园好多了，顿时重返自然，小桥流水，曲径通幽，宝逸不时下水玩耍，不亦乐乎。步道尽头有一片宽阔的草地，供宝逸自由飞驰，彻底释放精力，待差不多玩够了我们这才打道回旅馆。

<!--more-->

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa2.jpg" title="" >}}



{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa3.jpg" title="" >}}


{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa4.jpg" title="" >}}


{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa5.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa6.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa7.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa8.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa9.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa10.jpg" title="" >}}

{{< figure src="/img/2018/2/genoa11.jpg" title="" >}}
